v1.16: `rankingScoreThreshold` no longer affects `totalHits` accuracy (#3322)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/search.mdx

Excluded results do not count towards `estimatedTotalHits`, `totalHits`, and facet distribution.

<Warning>

> When using `rankingScoreThreshold`, queries paginating results with  `limit` and `offset` may exaggerate the count of `estimatedTotalHits`. For performance reasons, if the number of documents above `rankingScoreThreshold` is higher than `limit`, Meilisearch does not evaluate the ranking score of the remaining documents. Results ranking below the threshold are not immediately removed from the set of candidates.
> 
> Queries using `page` and `hitsPerPage` are unnaffected by this issue and `totalHits` should always display the correct total number of search results.

Reviewer: Actually the whole bug is fixed and the warning can be removed. We could still warn users that the route may be slower than it was before.

```suggestion
Using `rankingScoreThreshold` with `limit` and `offset` forces Meilisearch to evaluate the ranking score of all matching documents to return an accurate `totalHits`, which can impact performance.

In contrast, queries using `page` and `hitsPerPage` avoid this overhead and may benefit from significantly faster response times.
```
